Piscine/C-00/README.md, before:

## ✅ C-00 Exercise Completion

| Exercise | Status | Points | Note                         |
|----------|--------|--------|------------------------------|
| EX-00    | ✅      | 10     | <img width="441" height="1"> |
| EX-01    | ✅      | 10     |                              |
| EX-02    | ✅      | 10     |                              |
| EX-03    | ✅      | 5      |                              |
| EX-04    | ✅      | 15     |                              |
| EX-05    | ✅      | 10     |                              |
| EX-06    | ✅      | 10     |                              |
| EX-07    | ✅      | 15     |                              |
| EX-08    | ✅      | 15     |                              |

## ⚠️ Before Starting
- Please remember to check the norm by using Norminette! Norminette can also be
  executed at the root directory to check every single subdirectory.
- Check your function names, one typo may cost you a lot of points.
- Only use the `main()` function if specified. You can still leave it (commented out)
  for testing.
- All the explanations of the exercises are in the exercise folders.

Commit message:

📝 Added readme files for other Piscine subjects

Piscine/C-00/README.md, after:

# ✨ C-00 Module

## 💡 Introduction

In this module, you are going to start working with C! C is a low-level programming
language (more on that later!). You are going to work with some basics, even though
it will feel overwhelming, in most cases. Try to talk to your peers and do your own
research!

I would love to explain to you how to submit exercises, use `norminette`, etc.
However, that is just part of the Piscine, struggling and finding out how to
work with that! Ask your peers and try it out yourself.

## ⚠️ Before Starting
- Please remember to check the norm by using Norminette! Norminette can also be
  executed at the root directory to check every single subdirectory.
- Check your function names, one typo may cost you a lot of points.
- Only use the `main()` function if specified. You can still leave it (commented out)
  for testing.
- All the explanations of the exercises are in the exercise folders.
- For good practice, test your code and try to reproduce it without any help, to study for an exam.

## ✅ Exercise Completion

| Exercise | Status | Points | Note                         |
|----------|--------|--------|------------------------------|
| EX-00    | ✅      | 10     | <img width="441" height="1"> |
| EX-01    | ✅      | 10     |                              |
| EX-02    | ✅      | 10     |                              |
| EX-03    | ✅      | 5      |                              |
| EX-04    | ✅      | 15     |                              |
| EX-05    | ✅      | 10     |                              |
| EX-06    | ✅      | 10     |                              |
| EX-07    | ✅      | 15     |                              |
| EX-08    | ✅      | 15     |                              |
